DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-10054 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2890)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== The Quick Toolbars plugin showed text alignment buttons on pagebreaks
// TINY-10054

> Previously in {productname}, and issue was identified where xref:quickbars.adoc[Quickbars], a feature for changing alignment, did not properly consider page breaks.
> 
> As a consequence, when a page break was encountered, the context toolbar would display alignment options.
> 
> {productname} 6.7, addresses this fix which involved adding a check to page breaks for the Quickbars functionality.
> 
> As a result of this fix, the context menu no longer display's alignment options when a page break is encountered.
> 
> For information on the **Quickbars** plugin, see: xref:quickbars.adoc[Quickbars].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a {productname} instance includes the open source xref:pagebreak.adoc[Page Break] plugin, and a page break is inserted into a {productname} document, the break is represented in the document by a thin dotted-line rectangle _image_, complete with the expected `<img>` tag.

Previously, the logic for displaying xref:quickbars.adoc[Quickbars] toolbars did not exclude page break images.

As a consequence, when a page break was encountered, an incorrect context toolbar would display.

{productname} 6.7 includes an added check for page breaks in the predicate logic that prevents Quickbars contextual menus from displaying for page breaks.

For information on the **Quickbars** plugin, see: xref:quickbars.adoc[Quickbars].
```
Suggested edit.
